Fuentes.
Verone's tapping her.
Tapping her?
Tapping her how?
That is crap.
Now what you
talking about, homeboy?
We know what we seen.
So what do you think,
O'Conner?
You think she's compromised?
You should know.
What's that
supposed to mean?
Your old pal O'Conner
didn't tell you?
He flipped on
Bilkins in L.A.
He gave his
mark his car keys
and let him disappear.
That's why
he's not a cop any more.
So what do you think,
expert?
Man, I don't know.
All right.
We'll keep
an eye on her.
We're out of here.
Let your man go?
Drop it.
I don't wanna
talk about it.
Drop it, hell.
I want to hear
about this, homey.
I said, forget about it, cuz.
We got Fuentes
in with Verone,
Markham trying
to blow our cover,
and we got two wired cars
that are no better than that
damn ankle bracelet of mine.
I'm gonna tell you, bruh,
you let Markham
do that shit again
in front of Verone,